support edge in prisma adapter (#16774)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/serverless-driver-prisma-example.md

[Prisma](https://www.prisma.io/docs) is an open source next-generation ORM (Object-Relational Mapping) that helps developers interact with their database in an intuitive, efficient, and safe way. TiDB Cloud offers [@tidbcloud/prisma-adapter](https://github.com/tidbcloud/prisma-adapter), enabling you to use [Prisma Client](https://www.prisma.io/docs/concepts/components/prisma-client) over HTTPS with [TiDB Cloud serverless driver](/tidb-cloud/serverless-driver.md). Compared with the traditional TCP way, [@tidbcloud/prisma-adapter](https://github.com/tidbcloud/prisma-adapter) brings the following benefits:

> - Better performance in the serverless environments

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Better performance of Prisma Client in serverless environments
```

> - Ability to use in the edge environments

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Ability to use Prisma Client in edge environments
```

> This tutorial describes how to use the Prisma adapter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tutorial describes how to use [@tidbcloud/prisma-adapter](https://github.com/tidbcloud/prisma-adapter) in serverless environments and edge environments.
```

## Install

> You need to install both the `prisma-adapter` and `serverless driver`. You can install them using npm or your preferred package manager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need to install both [@tidbcloud/prisma-adapter](https://github.com/tidbcloud/prisma-adapter) and [TiDB Cloud serverless driver](/tidb-cloud/serverless-driver.md). You can install them using [npm](https://docs.npmjs.com/downloading-and-installing-node-js-and-npm) or your preferred package manager.

Taking npm as an example, you can run the following commands for installation: 

```

```
npm install @tidbcloud/prisma-adapter
npm install @tidbcloud/serverless
```

> ## Enable the driverAdapters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Enable `driverAdapters`
```

> To use the Prisma adapter, we need to enable the `driverAdapters` feature in the `schema.prisma` file. Here is an example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the Prisma adapter, you need to enable the `driverAdapters` feature in the `schema.prisma` file. For example:
```

```
generator client {
  provider        = "prisma-client-js"
  previewFeatures = ["driverAdapters"]
}

datasource db {
  provider     = "mysql"
  url          = env("DATABASE_URL")
}
```

> ## Initialize the Prisma Client
> 
> After initialize the Prisma Client with the Prisma adapter, you can use the Prisma Client as usual. Then, the query will go through the TiDB Cloud serverless driver. Here is an example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Initialize Prisma Client

Before using Prisma Client, you need to initialize it with `@tidbcloud/prisma-adapter`. For example:
```

```
import { connect } from '@tidbcloud/serverless';
import { PrismaTiDBCloud } from '@tidbcloud/prisma-adapter';
import { PrismaClient } from '@prisma/client';

// Initialize Prisma Client
const connection = connect({ url: ${DATABASE_URL} });
const adapter = new PrismaTiDBCloud(connection);
const prisma = new PrismaClient({ adapter });
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Then, queries from Prisma Client can be sent to the TiDB Cloud serverless driver for processing. 

```

## Use the Prisma adapter in Node.js environments

> This is an example of how to use the Prisma adapter in Node.js environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section provides an example of how to use `@tidbcloud/prisma-adapter` in Node.js environments.
```

- Better performance of Prisma Client in serverless environments
- Ability to use Prisma Client in edge environments

This tutorial describes how to use [@tidbcloud/prisma-adapter](https://github.com/tidbcloud/prisma-adapter) in serverless environments and edge environments.

## Install

You need to install both [@tidbcloud/prisma-adapter](https://github.com/tidbcloud/prisma-adapter) and [TiDB Cloud serverless driver](/tidb-cloud/serverless-driver.md). You can install them using [npm](https://docs.npmjs.com/downloading-and-installing-node-js-and-npm) or your preferred package manager.

Taking npm as an example, you can run the following commands for installation: 

```
npm install @tidbcloud/prisma-adapter
npm install @tidbcloud/serverless
```

## Enable `driverAdapters`

To use the Prisma adapter, you need to enable the `driverAdapters` feature in the `schema.prisma` file. For example:

> ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```prisma
```

generator client {
  provider        = "prisma-client-js"
  previewFeatures = ["driverAdapters"]
}

datasource db {
  provider     = "mysql"
  url          = env("DATABASE_URL")
}
```

## Initialize Prisma Client

Before using Prisma Client, you need to initialize it with `@tidbcloud/prisma-adapter`. For example:

> ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```js
```

   
## Use the Prisma adapter in edge environments

> You can use `@tidbcloud/prisma-adapter` >= v5.11.0 in the edge environments such as Vercel Edge Function and Cloudflare Workers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use `@tidbcloud/prisma-adapter` v5.11.0 or a later version in edge environments such as Vercel Edge Function and Cloudflare Workers.
```

> You can use `@tidbcloud/prisma-adapter` >= v5.11.0 in the edge environments such as Vercel Edge Function and Cloudflare Workers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use `@tidbcloud/prisma-adapter` >= v5.11.0 in edge environments such as Vercel Edge Function and Cloudflare Workers.
```

> - [Vercel Edge Function Example](https://github.com/tidbcloud/serverless-driver-example/tree/main/prisma/prisma-vercel-example)
> - [Cloudflare Worker Example](https://github.com/tidbcloud/serverless-driver-example/tree/main/prisma/prisma-cloudflare-worker-example)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Vercel Edge Function example](https://github.com/tidbcloud/serverless-driver-example/tree/main/prisma/prisma-vercel-example)
- [Cloudflare Worker example](https://github.com/tidbcloud/serverless-driver-example/tree/main/prisma/prisma-cloudflare-worker-example)
```

> - [Vercel Edge Function Example](https://github.com/tidbcloud/serverless-driver-example/tree/main/prisma/prisma-vercel-example)
> - [Cloudflare Worker Example](https://github.com/tidbcloud/serverless-driver-example/tree/main/prisma/prisma-cloudflare-worker-example)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Vercel Edge Function example](https://github.com/tidbcloud/serverless-driver-example/tree/main/prisma/prisma-vercel-example)
- [Cloudflare Worker example](https://github.com/tidbcloud/serverless-driver-example/tree/main/prisma/prisma-cloudflare-worker-example)
```

   
## Use the Prisma adapter in edge environments

> You can use `@tidbcloud/prisma-adapter` v5.11.0 or a later version in edge environments such as Vercel Edge Function and Cloudflare Workers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can use `@tidbcloud/prisma-adapter` v5.11.0 or a later version in edge environments such as Vercel Edge Functions and Cloudflare Workers.
```

- [Vercel Edge Function example](https://github.com/tidbcloud/serverless-driver-example/tree/main/prisma/prisma-vercel-example)

> - [Cloudflare Worker example](https://github.com/tidbcloud/serverless-driver-example/tree/main/prisma/prisma-cloudflare-worker-example)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [Cloudflare Workers example](https://github.com/tidbcloud/serverless-driver-example/tree/main/prisma/prisma-cloudflare-worker-example)
```
